adapter: add database and search columns to mz_recent_activity_log (#27953)
MaterializeInc/materialize: doc/user/content/sql/system-catalog/mz_internal.md

| `cluster_id`               | [`text`]                     | The ID of the cluster the statement execution was directed to. Corresponds to [mz_clusters.id](https://materialize.com/docs/sql/system-catalog/mz_catalog/#mz_clusters).                                                                                                      |
| `application_name`         | [`text`]                     | The value of the `application_name` configuration parameter at execution time.                                                                                                                                                                                                       |
| `cluster_name`             | [`text`]                     | The name of the cluster with ID `cluster_id` at execution time.                                                                                                                                                                                                               |

> | `database_name`            | [`text`]                     | The value of the session's `database` variable at execution time.                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
> | `search_path`              | [`text list`]                | The value of the session's `search_path` variable at execution time.                                                                                                                                                                                                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `database_name`            | [`text`]                     | The value of the `database` configuration parameter at execution time.                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
| `search_path`              | [`text list`]                | The value of the `search_path` configuration parameter at execution time.                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
```

Reviewer: For consistency with other fields.
